Here are some realized projects made in jupyter notebook using python programming language and pandas library.

Project name | Project objectives | Stack |
--|--|--
[Research of the main and additional assortment of the online store of household goods "While still here"](https://github.com/MrDuma/Portfolio/tree/main/Python/Research%20of%20the%20assortment) | To analyze the assortment of goods, to conduct a research analysis of data, and to identify the main and additional assortment. To formulate and verify statistical hypotheses. | pandas, numpy, matplotlib, seaborn, plotly, scipy
[Evaluation of the results of the online store's A/B test](https://github.com/MrDuma/Portfolio/tree/main/Python/AB%20test%20in%20an%20online%20store) | To evaluate the results of an A/B test of changes related to the implementation of an improved online store recommendation system. | pandas, numpy, matplotlib, plotly, scipy
[Research of the catering market in Moscow to make a decision on the opening of a new institution](https://github.com/MrDuma/Portfolio/tree/main/Python/Catering%20market%20research) | Market research for the public catering industry, based on open data, and the preparation of a presentation. | pandas, numpy, matplotlib, seaborn, plotly, geopy
[Analysis of user behavior in a mobile application](https://github.com/MrDuma/Portfolio/tree/main/Python/User%20behavior%20analysis) | Based on the data from the use of a mobile application for food sales, analyze the sales funnel, as well as evaluate the results of A/A/B testing. | pandas, numpy, matplotlib, plotly, scipy, math
[Research of business indicators of the application](https://github.com/MrDuma/Portfolio/tree/main/Python/Business%20performance%20research) | Despite significant investments in advertising, the company has experienced losses over the past few months. It is important to understand the causes of these losses and help the company turn them around. | pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, когортный анализ, юнит-экономика
